---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "talos_gen_config Resource - terraform-provider-talos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Generates a configuration for Talos cluster.
---

# talos_gen_config (Resource)

Generates a configuration for Talos cluster.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster_endpoint` (String) Cluster endpoint.
- `cluster_name` (String) Cluster name.

### Optional

- `additional_sans` (List of String) Additional Subject-Alt-Names for the APIServer certificate.
- `config_patch` (List of String) Patch generated machineconfigs (applied to all node types).
- `config_patch_control_plane` (List of String) Patch generated machineconfigs (applied to 'init' and 'controlplane' types).
- `config_patch_worker` (List of String) Patch generated machineconfigs (applied to 'worker' type).
- `dns_domain` (String) The dns domain to use for cluster.
- `install_disk` (String) The disk to install to.
- `install_image` (String) The image used to perform an installation.
- `kubernetes_version` (String) Desired kubernetes version to run (default "1.24.3").
- `persist` (Boolean) The desired persist value for configs.
- `registry_mirrors` (Map of String) List of registry mirrors to use in format: <registry host>=<mirror URL>.
- `talos_version` (String) The desired Talos version to generate config for (backwards compatibility, e.g. v0.8).
- `with_cluster_discovery` (Boolean) Enable cluster discovery feature.
- `with_kubespan` (Boolean) Enable KubeSpan feature.

### Read-Only

- `control_plane_config` (String)
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `talos_config` (String)
- `worker_config` (String)


